[Subtitles in the making and will be available soon]
In the past few years,
with the underground channels.
Evidence.
I've sent you
to you.
Also,
the silver flash drive
in the drawer
are really
a secret account book at Yunhai International.
But my dad
deleted
of the data list
until they need
to be transferred,
we can use software to recover.
In the archives,
those seamless accounts
are all
from my dad.
It's normal.
And...
Enough.
Ye Bochen.
Stop talking.
And
from now on,
I'm no longer the son of the Ye family.
You did well.
Ye Bochen.
You are brave enough.
It's okay.
All storms
will pass.
From now on,
you are just yourself.
Why do you keep looking at me?
I was afraid you might disappear.
From now on,
I will always be by your side.
I won't disappear.
Then don't regret it.
No.
Just like what I promised you before,
we will be firm
to be together
together.
Where have you been
these days?
After you fell down that day,
the sea and fire
I searched for you on that sea.
but I couldn't find you.
That day,
you jumped down with me.
I...
Don't do this again.
Do you think
solve all the problems by yourself?
Don't do
such a risky thing again.
But...
No buts.
But you fell down that day.
I jumped with you.
I never thought about what I would face.
I only saw you jump.
I can't let you
alone.
You said
we love each other.
and face danger together.
is the meaning of love.
Isn't it?
You're right.
Next time,
if something dangerous happens again,
I will tell you.
Then...
Where did you go?
I didn't go anywhere that day.
It was my plan
was my plan.
Because I don't want
become the card of the Lu family.
I don't want to
at the public hearing
at the public hearing.
Because...
my brother's notarized will.
I'll become the greatest weapon
to hurt you.
I don't want to
face my dad.
Before that day,
we had a plan
a landing plan.
He helped me
at the shore.
After ten minutes
after I fell into the sea,
he took me away
in the name of rescue.
My informant.
You mean him?
He especially told me
not to tell you
to you.
Do you know
I'm getting out of my shell at Golden Cicada.
It's hard for me to react.
My father and Uncle Mo
have been in business for decades.
To fool them,
we have to keep it a secret.
You've thought it through.
But...
you've suffered.
I didn't suffer.
But if you jump down with me,
You scared me to death.
I told you
you should cherish
your body.
Don't act tough.
Don't carry everything on your own.
I'm with you now.
Leave everything to me.
Okay.
Si-woo.
Next,
I have another
a fierce fight.
Your opponent
or your family.
your father.
But you have to trust me.
my feelings for you are real.
After this is all over,
we will
start over.
No matter how long,
no matter how difficult it is,
I will always be there.
Chairman.
We got news from the shareholders of Yunhai.
The new hearing
at 9 a.m. next Monday.
Then keep pressing it down.
Before next Monday,
before next Monday.
Haimeng.
As you expected,
They really went down.
Follow them.
Then we'll spend money
to smash our own stock price.
Every time
we'll lose over 100 million.
Listen to me.
Follow him.
Okay.
Yunhai stock price has fallen
of Yunhai.
several financial institutions
will close down Yunhai.
There are
29 branch hotels.
announce that
will be announced
of the board
after the public hearing.
The biggest controller, Ye Haimeng,
is very likely
be deprived of his position as president.
Dad.
It doesn't seem right.
None of our close shareholders
are not here.
Chairman.
We won't
this meeting.
It's rare that Mr. Lu
to come to Yunhai.
What?
The meeting hasn't started yet.
before the meeting begins?
Are you kidding me?
I stand here today
I have no reason to run away.
Let's begin.
Ye Haimeng.
You are no longer
in Yunhai.
Because of your wrong decision,
because of your mistake.
Overseas stock prices plummeted.
The shareholders' assets are drained.
And 29 chain companies
announced to break off with the headquarters.
Many financial institutions
have withdrawn
the funds
of Yunhai Island.
You have to take all the responsibility
you have to take full responsibility.
Mr. Lu.
What do you want me to do?
You should quit
the CEO of Yunhai
Give up all the
of Yunhai.
and confirm
your shares.
and follow
for you.
Resignation, confirmation, arrangement.
Then I want to ask you,
who are you
to attend the board meeting?
Who are you
to resign?
As the father of your fiancée,
the shareholder
shareholders
and Yunhai International Stock.
of Yunhai International Bank.
to resign immediately.
For the sake
Lu Si Nan and Lu Si Yu,
I can give you another chance.
But you've been blinded by
your conscience and eyes.
I can't see the world clearly.
Then let's
one by one.
Are you ready?
Time's up.
Let's go.
Today is 2019.
July 8.
8 p.m. on Monday.
Because
with Ms. Ye Haimeng,
For an unfaithful marriage,
I hereby declare
I will give up my marriage
to Ms. Ye Haimeng.
after the marriage.
[All the property in the marriage]
including
Yunhai International equity.
[Yunzhuang Villa]
and all assets
of Ms. Ye Haimeng.
The notarized will I signed before
was forced.
I didn't mean it.
[I didn't mean it.]
According to the law,
my notarized will
will be canceled.
And...
this is a timely video email.
When you turn it on,
[this video will be automatically sent to]
to the law firm
and the inheritance court.
My relationship
between Ye Haimeng
will disappear.
It's really my brother.
Did you see it clearly?
Your eldest son Lu Si Nan
by your eldest son Lu Si Nan.
The notarized will in your hand
is invalid.
With such a thing,
to take back the shares.
Who knows
was fabricated.
Is it artificial?
Before
before the judicial trial,
before the judicial trial.
The frozen
37 percent of shares.
You even deny
his own son.
What else
in your hand?
The cards.
Your shareholders
are busy selling
in his hand.
Now at Yunhai International,
in Yunhai Island.
Do we need
do it ourselves?
The absent shareholders of Yunhai
have signed
to Mr. Ye.
with Mr. Ye.
The shares they own
will be
will be decided by Mr. Ye.
I know
with the Lu family.
I won't force you.
If you're willing to sign
the cooperation agreement,
I'm willing to pay
to buy your shares
to buy everyone's shares.
Good for you.
Yunhai’s stock price
has hit the bottom.
In the end,
or bankruptcy.
Open your eyes and see.
who will go bankrupt.
What happened?
The long-distance capital thinks highly of Yunhai.
and invested a lot of money.
But unfortunately,
we can't escape.
Chairman.
All our funds
has been covered.
Impossible.
Yunhai International.
Financial cut.
Where did she get so much money?
to raise the stock price?
There's no Yunhai.
I do.
Do you think
only you can plan
financing cash.
My parents
such a big Yunhai International.
has already
in overseas and abroad.
Even if you dig out my clouds,
Even if you make me lose everything
I can
fight back.
And
my most trusted friends,
and
who don't trust you the most.
Mr. Muhammer.
and the person who loves me the most.
Give me the most important support.
This is...
Good for you.
Even if I fail
investment fails,
I was wrong.
I don't want
I don't want it anymore.
Let's go.
None of you can leave today.
Sit down.
We're done with the company.
Let's calculate
about human life.
A life?
Ke.
Director Ye,
to confirm with me.
if you were
Are you
the financial director
financial director,
and my mother
with my mother
and foreign channels
and foreign channels.
Is it your wife?
a personal account opened overseas?
and received a large sum of money.
Here.
These...
I don't know what it is.
Well...
This...
We can explain.
Explain?
You'd better explain
why there are so many
every three months?
What's the source of these money?
What's the channel?
What's the reason?
Tell me.
These large sum of money
are from
Yunhai International.
of Yunhai Island.
Six years ago,
Long Lu Group
wants to win over Yunhai International
to invest.
The former chairman rejected
was rejected by the former president.
Long Road Group
can't get any profit.
and bribed
[Ye Yue Ji]
of Yunhai International.
Ye couple took advantage of their position
and missed several branch companies.
to pay the money.
After the underground channel
and transferred overseas,
the long-distance business manager
from the long-distance business manager.
My mother doesn't want to
with you.
and was framed by you.
and was severely injured in prison.
and still unconscious.
Also,
I had a car accident overseas.
My dad had a heart attack.
It's you.
Stop my dad.
and lost the chance to save him.
My mom fainted at home.
It was you
sent my mom
to Lu's nursing home.
Hai Meng.
You must have misunderstood.
How can I hurt my brother?
I can tell you
the truth.
Back then,
I contacted them myself.
Your uncle and auntie
took
a large sum of money,
your uncle
delayed
your father's rescue on purpose.
And your aunt
sent your mother
to our
a nursing home.
If we control your parents,
we're controlling you.
that you can't return.
You...
How did you find her?
And on the night my mom passed away,
the police found out
[the video]
in the nursing home.
Don't talk nonsense.
That night,
I was at home
at home.
The one who appeared in the nursing home
is my son-in-law.
Jiang Lin.
Dad.
Jiang Lin won't kill anyone.
Jiang Lin.
Confess yourself.
Honey.
I, Jiang Lin,
have never killed anyone.
On the night of the incident,
my father ordered me
to the nursing home
to get the medicine he usually takes.
right?
I know.
You want me to be the scapegoat.
Uncle Mo said
my dad would have a lunch break.
But I saw his car
at the nursing home.
Jiang Lin.
How dare you betray Lu family!
Dad.
I can be the son-in-law
for the Lu family.
But I will never
be an accomplice to murder for money.
You...
In the end,
in order to make up
a huge loss of money,
so that your eldest son
Lu Si Nan cheated me into getting married.
to kill his wife overseas
to seize the entire Yunhai International.
But you're afraid of being exposed.
and decided
your eldest son
kill me
in
in a honeymoon hotel abroad.
The strong
is nothing but harvesting other's family.
Your so-called Heavenly Path
is just using
and your son's blood
to fill your
your desires.
This world
is not what you think.
Only black, no white.
Only evil, no good.
There are always people
come clean.
Someone sincerely loves
At the moment, they saw through
the dirty and darkness of the world.
they are still willing to
to make up
the world that has been defiled by you.
because of these people.
these love
can be beautiful and bright forever.
Impossible.
Don't talk nonsense.
In this world,
in this world
true kindness.
is cheating.
Ugly desires.
Everyone's heart is evil.
People's hearts are black.
In this world,
in this world.
sincere love.
There is no true kindness.
No.
This world
may be very dark.
But in this world,
there is always someone
shines brightly.
Take your bag.
From now on,
we'll live here.
See that?
The white curtain?
That is
our future home.
In the future,
we will
a normal life.
You're going out to work.
I also need to make money to support my family.
It's not bad
to live a normal life.
Just work.
and take care of our family.
Si Yue.
Maybe
I can't give you
a rich lady.
But I swear.
Is that so?
I swear.
I will give you a happy life.
Honey.
I'll try my best
to be a good wife.
Let's go.
That way.
Is it heavy?
Let me do it.
Bosun.
It's okay.
Go to sleep.
I'll take care of her.
I've been
these days.
I always dream of my mom.
She told me
about my childhood.
I dreamed that she told me
about Yunhai International.
When will she wake up?
I really miss her.
She'll be fine.
Your body index
is getting better.
And you
every day.
She doesn't want you to work so hard.
She'll wake up soon.
Really?
Yes.
Lu Si-woo.
Let's be friends in the next life.
Don't be brothers anymore.
My body is injured.
It won't hurt
it won't hurt anymore.
Some things in life
You're right.
After the surgery,
it won't hurt.
Things in life
let go,
it won't hurt anymore.
Haimeng.
I will always be there.
I know.
He called me here.
Why did he disappear?
Si-woo.
Lu Si-woo.
You called me here.
Where did you go?
Come closer.
What?
Closer to the tree.
What is this?
Did you see the badge?
Turn it over.
Did you carve this again?
Put your hands on it.
Your tree.
It's alive again.
Now,
I'm finally with you
Travel through adversity
At the stars
In the future,
will grow up into a big tree.
A tree that can experience hardships independently
who can experience hardships alone.
I will protect everything
to protect everything I have.
I will
with my own strength.